1. Connect to your VM using SSH.
2. Install Git and Maven on your VM if they are not already installed. You can use the following commands to install them on a Debian-based system:

   sudo apt update
   sudo apt install git maven

3. Clone the GitHub repository containing the repository. Open a terminal on your VM and navigate to the desired directory. Then, run the following command:

   git clone https://github.com/hmislk/hmis.git


4. Once the repository is cloned, navigate into the project directory:
   cd <project_directory>

   Replace `<project_directory>` with the actual directory name of your project.

5. Check if the project contains the `pom.xml` file, which is the configuration file for Maven. If it exists, you can proceed with the next steps. Otherwise, the project might not be our one.

6. Compile the project using Maven. Run the following command:

   mvn clean install


   Maven will download the necessary dependencies, compile the project, and create the project's artifacts (e.g., JAR, WAR files) in the `target` directory.

7. Once the build is successful, you can deploy the project to Payara. Assuming Payara is already installed on your VM, navigate to the Payara installation directory:

   cd <payara_installation_directory>

   Replace `<payara_installation_directory>` with the actual directory where Payara is installed.

8. Start Payara by running the following command:

   ./bin/asadmin start-domain

   This will start the Payara domain.

9. Deploy the project to Payara using the following command:

   ./bin/asadmin deploy <path_to_project_war_file>

   Replace `<path_to_project_war_file>` with the actual path to the WAR file generated by Maven. It should be located in the `target` directory of your project.

10. Payara will deploy the project, and you should see the deployment success message in the console.

That's it! Your Java EE/JSF/JPA project should now be deployed and running on Payara in your VM. You can access it using the IP address or hostname of your VM and the appropriate port or context path specified in your project.